Documentation update (#33)
Imageomics/distributed-downloader: README.md

images distributed across 545 servers. The tool is designed with general-purpose capabilities and can efficiently
process any collection of URLs.

### Why Build This Tool?

We chose to develop this custom solution instead of using existing tools
like [img2dataset](https://github.com/rom1504/img2dataset) for several key reasons:

- **Server-friendly operation**: Implements sophisticated rate limiting to avoid overloading source servers
- **Enhanced control**: Provides fine-grained control over dataset construction and metadata management
- **Scalability**: Handles massive datasets that exceed the capabilities of single-machine solutions
- **Fault tolerance**: Robust checkpoint and recovery system for long-running downloads
- **Flexibility**: Supports diverse output formats and custom processing pipelines

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10 or 3.11
- MPI implementation ([OpenMPI](https://docs.open-mpi.org/en/v5.0.x/installing-open-mpi/quickstart.html)
  or [Intel MPI](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/mpi-library/developer-guide-linux/2021-6/installation.html))
- High-performance computing environment with Slurm (recommended)

> The downloader can be installed using either Conda or Pip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The downloader can be directly installed using Pip. Alternatively, one can clone the repo and install with Conda. Either way, it is recommended to install within a virtual environment.
```
It's not actually conda installable (as in `conda install distributed-downloader`), so this would be a more accurate description.

## Environment Variables

The system exports numerous environment variables for script coordination:

**General Parameters**:

- `CONFIG_PATH`, `PATH_TO_INPUT`, `PATH_TO_OUTPUT`
- `OUTPUT_*_FOLDER` variables for each output component

**Downloader-Specific**:

- `DOWNLOADER_MAX_NODES`, `DOWNLOADER_WORKERS_PER_NODE`
- `DOWNLOADER_BATCH_SIZE`, `DOWNLOADER_RATE_MULTIPLIER`

**Tools-Specific**:

- `TOOLS_MAX_NODES`, `TOOLS_WORKERS_PER_NODE`
- `TOOLS_THRESHOLD_SIZE`, `TOOLS_NEW_RESIZE_SIZE`

## System Requirements

### Minimum Requirements

- Multi-node HPC cluster with Slurm
- High-bandwidth network connectivity
- Substantial storage capacity for downloaded datasets
- MPI-capable compute environment

### Recommended Configuration

- 20+ compute nodes with 20+ cores each
- High-speed interconnect (InfiniBand recommended)
- Parallel file system (Lustre, GPFS)
- Dedicated network bandwidth for external downloads

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Documentation

- [Process Overview](./docs/process_README.md) — High-level workflow description

> - [Output Structure](./docs/structure_README.md) — Detailed output organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Output Structure](./docs/structure_README.md) — Detailed output organization
    - [Example Output](./docs/example_output/) — Example output files for schedule and log generation processes
```
